c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\OwinSignalR.exe.config
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\OwinSignalR.exe
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\OwinSignalR.pdb
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Owin.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\obj\Release\OwinSignalR.exe
c:\users\jcolangelo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OwinSignalR\OwinSignalR\obj\Release\OwinSignalR.pdb
